Hi guys, in this video we want to create
nice dessert like this using Unreal
Engine 5.6. Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, open the
engine. Go to games. Select third person
as template. Project name desert
landscape. Hit create.
Now go to file, select new level. Choose
basic level. Hit create.
After that we have to select this one
and press delete to delete.
After that go to the landscape. Hit
create.
After the creation of the landscape
let's save the current level. Press save
current level
map 01.
Now let's go to the edit.
Go to the plugin.
Search for land mass plugin.
Select this lens mask plug in. Restart
the engine.
Now it's restarted. Close this.
Go to content draw. Select map 01.
Now let's go. Press add and go to F
marketplace. Download the material.
Let's search for dessert.
Send
material.
And let's choose this one.
I want to choose the largest quality as
possible or quality add to my project.
It's downloading fine. It's importing.
Do this.
After that
we have to select the landscape and go
here.
landscape material.
Press this one
and press this
or you can go here to the fab because SC
services
material select this one. You can drag
it right here. It's the same way.
After doing that we have to go here to
the landscape
ch
once it's selected
select custom brush material only press
custom brush and click once here and go
here.
Now let's go here. Go up.
Now in this corner we have to go here.
Search for material
gen.
Okay. Choose this one. Gen generation
noise too.
If you not find this, you can go here,
type this one and enable all of those to
find this one.
Okay.
Select this one. This brush and change
the first one ten to oneation
scheme three
offset 3.5
make it zero octav three
and finally make this one.
Okay, select the land key right now.
And let's add the player character
return here selection mode.
Player start.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
our
desert. See you later on the next video.